# How to earn

{% hint style="info" %}
Want to participate? Jump into the [Maple Discord](https://discord.gg/Xy6sqxRhFG) and join our community calls to stay up to date with upcoming opportunities.
{% endhint %}

## Lending on Maple

This is the easiest way to earn with Maple Finance. Lenders deposit into a pool to earn fixed interest denominated in the pool's liquidity asset. This interest is determined by the terms set the pool delegate and borrowers. Additionally, lenders will earn MPL rewards from liquidity mining in select pools.

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/REsInfEJX5k" caption="LP Tutorial" %}

## Stake on Maple

Lending pools mitigate risk by rewarding stakers who add to the stake locker contract. Value held in the stake locker is at risk of being liquidated to protect lenders under default conditions. As a reward, stakers earn a percentage of the interest generated by pool borrowers. This is percentage [changes with each pool](protocol/maple-protocol-v1.0.0.md#pool-parameters). Stakers will also have liquidity mining opportunities in select pools.

## Become a Pool Delegate

{% hint style="info" %}
Read more about Maple's Pool Delegates [Orthogonal Trading](https://maplefinance.ghost.io/orthogonal-trading-pool-delegate/) and [Maven 11 Capital](https://maplefinance.ghost.io/introducing-maven-11/).
{% endhint %}

Pool Delegates use a compelling strategy to find approval by Maple governance to launch a pool contract, attract capital, and commit loans. For their efforts they receive two fees:

1. Pool-specific portion of the interest accrued from borrowers
2. Portion of the establishment fee taken upon drawdown of each loan associated with their pool

Pool Delegates undergo a rigorous approval process to ensure quality of liquidity pool management.

